I'm currently standing on the sea of Dar
balah this beautiful sea is known as the
only place for Palestinians in the Gaza
Strip go for a picnic to enjoy their
happy times and it has been always a
place for them to take a deep breath
today hundreds of Palestinians displaced
internally displaced in the Gaza Street
chose this area to set up their tents as
you see most of the tents are very
fragile it's very windy and cold right
now and it's actually raining these
people have been choosing to this area
because it is the only area in the Gaza
Strip left and unpacked where we are
talking about more than half of gaza's
population displ where they are
displaced between the Middle area and
rafah they chose this area because it's
not packed it's away from people and
it's also close to the Sea where they
can have access to to the water to to
wash their clothes to wash themselves
but we met ibraim a father of eight he
told us that it has been very hard for
him during the past day where there has
been the weather was very rainy was very
stormy and he said he woke up all night
he stood up all night fearing that his
tent would flood with water
we're displaced from the north from the
area of K we came Froman until we
finally arrived in we came here to the
beach because we couldn't find a place
to stay we put up this tent but we're in
a miserable situation and it's a real
struggle I have eight kids we all sleep
here there's nowhere to get assistance
from life on the beach is an unnecessary
struggle we are here during the harsh
winter days we nearly drowned it's a big
struggle we can't to toate any more of
this emotionally we are drained we have
had four months of this I have had
enough this space is very small each
person takes a corner I sit on this
little platform and watch them all
nights they're my priority I'd rather
they're comfortable my comfort is not
important they got sick as well and I
struggled to get them the right
treatment I asked for some money from
several people in order to get them the
medication they needed this is the
situation right now in the Gaza Strip
and it's very sad and it's very cold and
Palestinian children Palestinian
families do not have anywhere to go to
and there's no safe place in the CLE
Strip This
is make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer